LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
aepp/__init__ - Copy.py
aepp/__init__.py
aepp/__version__ - Copy.py
aepp/__version__.py
aepp/accesscontrol - Copy.py
aepp/accesscontrol.py
aepp/catalog - Copy.py
aepp/catalog.py
aepp/config - Copy.py
aepp/config.py
aepp/configs - Copy.py
aepp/configs.py
aepp/connector - Copy.py
aepp/connector.py
aepp/customerprofile - Copy.py
aepp/customerprofile.py
aepp/dataaccess - Copy.py
aepp/dataaccess.py
aepp/dataprep - Copy.py
aepp/dataprep.py
aepp/datasets - Copy.py
aepp/datasets.py
aepp/destination - Copy.py
aepp/destination.py
aepp/flowservice - Copy.py
aepp/flowservice.py
aepp/identity - Copy.py
aepp/identity.py
aepp/ingestion - Copy.py
aepp/ingestion.py
aepp/observability - Copy.py
aepp/observability.py
aepp/policy - Copy.py
aepp/policy.py
aepp/privacyservice - Copy.py
aepp/privacyservice.py
aepp/queryservice - Copy.py
aepp/queryservice.py
aepp/sandboxes - Copy.py
aepp/sandboxes.py
aepp/schema - Copy.py
aepp/schema.py
aepp/segmentation - Copy.py
aepp/segmentation.py
aepp/sensei - Copy.py
aepp/sensei.py
aepp.egg-info/PKG-INFO
aepp.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
aepp.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
aepp.egg-info/requires.txt
aepp.egg-info/top_level.txt