ar	arabic	tiếng a-rập
bg	bulgarian	tiếng Bulgari
bg	bulgarian	tiếng bun-ga-ri
ca	catalan	tiếng Catalan
ca	catalan	tiếng ca-ta-lăng
cr	croatian	tiếng Croatia
cs	czech	tiếng séc
da	danish	tiếng đan mạch
de	german	tiếng đức
el	greek	tiếng hy lạp
en	english	tiếng anh
eo	esperanto	tiếng quốc tế ngữ
es	spanish	tiếng tây ban nha
et	estonian	tiếng e-xtô-ni-a
eu	basque	tiếng basque
fa	persian	tiếng ba tư
fi	finnish	tiếng phần lan
fr	french	tiếng pháp
gl	galician	tiếng galician
he	hebrew	tiếng hê-brơ
hi	hindi	tiếng hin-đi
hu	hungarian	tiếng Hungary
hu	hungarian	tiếng hung-ga-ri
id      indonesian      tiếng Indonesia
id	indonesian	tiếng in-đô-nê-xia
it	italian	tiếng ý
ja	japanese	tiếng nhật
ka	georgian	tiếng georgian
ko	korean	tiếng hàn quốc
la	latin	tiếng la-tinh
lt	lithuanian	tiếng lít-va
mk	macedonian	tiếng ma-xê-đô-ni-a
ms	malay	tiếng ma-lay-xi-a
nl	dutch	tiếng hà lan
no	norwegian	tiếng na uy
oc	occitan	tiếng occitan
pl	polish	tiếng ba lan
pt	portuguese	tiếng bồ đào nha
ro	romanian	tiếng Romana
ro	romanian	tiếng ru-ma-ni
ro      romanian        tiếng Rumani
ru	russian	tiếng nga
sh	serbo-croatian	tiếng xéc bi - croatia
sk	slovak	tiếng xlô-vác
sl	slovenian	tiếng xlô-ven
sr	serbian	tiếng séc-bi
sr	serbian	tiếng Serbi
sv	swedish	tiếng thụy điển
sw	swahili	tiếng swahili
th	thai	tiếng thái
tr	turkish	tiếng thổ nhĩ kỳ
uk	ukrainian	tiếng u-crai-na
vi	vietnamese	tiếng việt
zh	chinese	tiếng trung quốc
